lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc index.less index.css 
cd ../css/
lessc index.less index.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc  post.less post.css 
lessc list-items.less list-items.css
lessc index.less index.css 
ls -la
systemctl restart nginx 
systemctl status nginx 
systemctl restart nginx 
systemctl status nginx 
systemctl restart nginx 
systemctl status nginx 
systemctl restart nginx 
systemctl status nginx 
systemctl restart nginx 
systemctl status nginx 
systemctl restart nginx 
ls -la
systemctl restart nginx 
ls -la
ls -la
systemctl restart nginx 
ls -la
ls -la
ls -la
ls -la
ls -la
ls -la
ls -la
ls -la
cd /root
ls -la
ls
ls
ls- la
ls -la
cd test
ls -la
cd myemacs/
ls -la
ls -la
ls -la
ls -la
cd ..
ls -la
ls -la
ls -la
cd ..
ls -la
cd .emacs.d
ls -la
ls -la
cd site-lisp/
ls -la
git clone https://github.com/imcvampire/vue-mode.git
ls -la
cd vue-mode/
ls -la
cd Ca
cd Cask 
ls -la
cat Cask 
ls -la
ls -la
ls -la
ls -la
ls- la
cd ..
ls -la
git clone https://github.com/purcell/mmm-mode.git
ls -la
